2022 Updates (#282)
JuliaDataScience/JuliaDataScience: contents/dataframes_select.md

Here, the data represents answers for five questions (`q1`, `q2`, ..., `q5`) in a given questionnaire.
We will start by "selecting" a few columns from this dataset.
As usual, we use **symbols** to specify columns:

```jl
s = "select(responses(), :id, :q1)"
sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

We can also use **strings** if we want:

```jl
s = """select(responses(), "id", "q1", "q2")"""
sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

Additionally, we can use **Regular Expressions** with [Julia's regex string literal](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/manual/strings/#man-regex-literals).

> A string literal in Julia is just a prefix you use in a `String` constructor with `""`.
> The regex string literal can be created with `r"..."` where `...` is the Regular Expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A string literal in Julia is a prefix that you use with a constructing a `String`.
For example, the regex string literal can be created with `r"..."` where `...` is the Regular Expression.
```

For example, suppose you only want to select the columns that start with `q`:

```jl
s = """select(responses(), r"^q")"""
sco(s, process=without_caption_label)
```

> **_NOTE:_**

> We won't cover regular expressions in this book, but you are encouraged to learn about them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We won't cover regular expressions in this book, but you are encouraged to learn about them.
To build and test regular expressions interactively, we advice to use online tools for them such as <https://regex101.com/>.
```
